Christina, I came to see about the handover. How's it going?
I asked you to deliver an R piece and you bring the whole family?
Are you all here to steal from the parkers?
Hey, some insulting people. My husband is Ethan Parker's driver.
That gift was? I asked you to do something and-
My God, there's no need to shout.
Who allowed you to interfere in my conversation?
And who are you to talk to my husband like that?
Regina, show some respect, okay? They work for the parkers as well.
I don't care who they are. This piece was worth millions.
You poor servants can make up for it if you worked your whole miserable lives.
That's bold words. The person who actually broke it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, okay, I can show you. This is a CCTV footage of the parker companies.
And that's you breaking it and then handing it to Christina.
Funny, huh? Whatever.
Gotta get her fired. We could arrest her. Oh, man.
It's okay. This is a family man. I'll handle it.